README.md, before:

<!-- ⚠️ This README has been generated from the file(s) "readme_blueprint.md" ⚠️-->
[![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/water.png)](#js-libs)

# ➤ JS Libs
<p align="center">
		<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/actions?query=workflow%3ATest+branch%3Amaster"><img alt="Test" src="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/workflows/Test/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/donmahallem/js-libs/branch/master"><img alt="codecov" src="https://codecov.io/gh/donmahallem/js-libs/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/releases"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/donmahallem/js-libs?sort=semver" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/blob/master/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/donmahallem/js-libs" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs"><img alt="David" src="https://img.shields.io/david/dev/donmahallem/js-libs" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/donmahallem/js-libs" height="20"/></a>
	</p>


This repository holds several packages being published under the @donmahallem scope on npm.


[![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/water.png)](#toc)

# ➤ Toc


| Name                                             | Description                                      | Version                                          |
|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| [@donmahallem/eslint-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | My personal eslint config. Do not use!           | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Feslint-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Feslint-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/gulp-ncc](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | ncc Plugin for Gulp                              | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-ncc"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-ncc.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/gulp-sharp](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Sharp Plugin for Gulp. Modify images via sharp.  | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-sharp"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-sharp.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/ico](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Library to read and write ico files              | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fico"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fico.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/label-gh](https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/tree/master/packages/label-gh) | Helpers for working with github issue labels     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-gh"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-gh.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/label-pr](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Helpers for working with github issue labels     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-pr"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-pr.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/readme](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Opinionated readme generator                     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Freadme"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Freadme.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/remark-lerna-packages](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Remark plugin extracting lerna packages and presenting as table | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-lerna-packages"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-lerna-packages.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/remark-variables](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Remark plugin                                    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-variables"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-variables.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/renovate-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | General renovate config                          | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frenovate-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frenovate-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/rollup-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | My Rollup config. Do not use!                    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frollup-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frollup-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/rxjs-zone](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Helper for handling zone.js with rxjs            | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frxjs-zone"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frxjs-zone.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/sudoku](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Sudoku Solver                                    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsudoku"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsudoku.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/sync-gist](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Wrapper around octokit for syncing gist files    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsync-gist"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsync-gist.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/tslint-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | @donmahallem tslint config                       | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Ftslint-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Ftslint-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/turbo](https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/tree/master/packages/turbo) | Turbo Helpers for express.js                     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/turbo-pb](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Protobuf Helpers for express.js                  | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-pb"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-pb.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/turbo-validate-request](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Turbo Helpers for express.js                     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-validate-request"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-validate-request.svg" height="20"/></a> |

Commit message:

chore(release): publish
 - @donmahallem/eslint-config@0.5.3
 - @donmahallem/gulp-ncc@2.1.3
 - @donmahallem/gulp-sharp@2.2.3
 - @donmahallem/label-gh@0.6.3
 - @donmahallem/label-pr@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/lerna2codecov@0.1.0
 - @donmahallem/readme@0.4.3
 - @donmahallem/remark-lerna-packages@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/remark-variables@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/renovate-config@0.9.3
 - @donmahallem/rollup-config@0.8.0
 - @donmahallem/rxjs-zone@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/sync-gist@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/turbo-pb@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/turbo-validate-request@0.3.3
 - @donmahallem/turbo@2.3.3

README.md, after:

<!-- ⚠️ This README has been generated from the file(s) "readme_blueprint.md" ⚠️-->
[![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/water.png)](#js-libs)

# ➤ JS Libs
<p align="center">
		<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/actions?query=workflow%3ATest+branch%3Amaster"><img alt="Test" src="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/workflows/Test/badge.svg?branch=master&event=push" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://codecov.io/gh/donmahallem/js-libs/branch/master"><img alt="codecov" src="https://codecov.io/gh/donmahallem/js-libs/branch/master/graph/badge.svg" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/releases"><img alt="GitHub release (latest SemVer)" src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/donmahallem/js-libs?sort=semver" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/blob/master/LICENSE"><img alt="GitHub license" src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/donmahallem/js-libs" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs"><img alt="David" src="https://img.shields.io/david/dev/donmahallem/js-libs" height="20"/></a>
<a href="https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/graphs/contributors"><img alt="GitHub contributors" src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/donmahallem/js-libs" height="20"/></a>
	</p>


This repository holds several packages being published under the @donmahallem scope on npm.


[![-----------------------------------------------------](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/andreasbm/readme/master/assets/lines/water.png)](#toc)

# ➤ Toc


| Name                                             | Description                                      | Version                                          |
|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| [@donmahallem/eslint-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | My personal eslint config. Do not use!           | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Feslint-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Feslint-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/gulp-ncc](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | ncc Plugin for Gulp                              | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-ncc"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-ncc.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/gulp-sharp](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Sharp Plugin for Gulp. Modify images via sharp.  | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-sharp"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fgulp-sharp.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/ico](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Library to read and write ico files              | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fico"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fico.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/label-gh](https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/tree/master/packages/label-gh) | Helpers for working with github issue labels     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-gh"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-gh.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/label-pr](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Helpers for working with github issue labels     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-pr"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flabel-pr.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/lerna2codecov](https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/tree/master/packages/lerna2codecov) | Updates projects entry in codecov.yml from lerna project | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flerna2codecov"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Flerna2codecov.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/readme](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Opinionated readme generator                     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Freadme"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Freadme.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/remark-lerna-packages](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Remark plugin extracting lerna packages and presenting as table | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-lerna-packages"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-lerna-packages.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/remark-variables](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Remark plugin                                    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-variables"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fremark-variables.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/renovate-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | General renovate config                          | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frenovate-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frenovate-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/rollup-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | My Rollup config. Do not use!                    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frollup-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frollup-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/rxjs-zone](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Helper for handling zone.js with rxjs            | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frxjs-zone"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Frxjs-zone.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/sudoku](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Sudoku Solver                                    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsudoku"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsudoku.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/sync-gist](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Wrapper around octokit for syncing gist files    | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsync-gist"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fsync-gist.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/tslint-config](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | @donmahallem tslint config                       | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Ftslint-config"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Ftslint-config.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/turbo](https://github.com/donmahallem/js-libs/tree/master/packages/turbo) | Turbo Helpers for express.js                     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/turbo-pb](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Protobuf Helpers for express.js                  | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-pb"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-pb.svg" height="20"/></a> |
| [@donmahallem/turbo-validate-request](https://donmahallem.github.io/js-libs/) | Turbo Helpers for express.js                     | <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-validate-request"><img alt="npm version" src="https://badge.fury.io/js/%40donmahallem%2Fturbo-validate-request.svg" height="20"/></a> |
